and these people I gay on tv and today
I 'm bringing you some games.
from western
so there is a western movie
recently and listen and I went to search
some floral games to play I saw
that does not have many games were rather the
pleasure to play and I decided to see a
ready for you with some of the best
there then follow
in third place is call of juarez
which is not quite the western but is an at
fps consumption
only in the western times it was
smart schutter where the game
It's kind of a confidant. It's really cool, even just.
that with the things of old I did not
I got to play but I 've seen a lot of people.
talk about it and I think it deserves 30
3rd place and if in this top 3
then second place gets network age
revolver ta this game is simply
very cool
and I know that on Playstation 2 and I can
tell you very good
he is a third-person westerner and
I'll trust you, it's already yours.
season - so it comes from stretch 2 in a
game bit older and it is very good
very cool people, I know and do
options in general and very macho then head
revolver is in second place our
top 3 is this and of course first place
could not miss the essence of raiders the
famous Western game for the
superintendent pleases everyone and I think
always gonna please this game is simple
very cool if you were already of the time I
I knew how difficult it was to legally pass
by the mother of the first mission simply
I modify tozzo and the game was very March
poor geographical
x bad guys but the gameplay and the
fun games surpassed everything because the game
it was very very good to play and had
a difficulty and super stars do not know
there if at least one that so the
Publishers is a 3 light show launched
three times your business
the three that today started the game all
again tone was had no roth partner
I do not think I had a password or check
point game was hard for damn you
had to turn around
so city ​​raiders for me the best game
Westerns I've ever had and I'm at
first place here for him and staff
thank small piece click and liked
I think to release this video for
many people
subscribe to the channel to receive more
videos like this and leave your comment
do what you think of the video and if you
want more videos of this type